how big is bmc software in houston, tx
The name "BMC" is taken from the surnames of its three founders—Scott Boulette, John Moores, and Dan Cloer.

how big is bmc software in houston, tx
Employing over 6,000, BMC is often credited with pioneering the BSM concept as a way to help better align IT operations with business needs.

how long was i love lucy on the air
I Love Lucy is an American television sitcom starring Lucille Ball , Desi Arnaz , Vivian Vance , and William Frawley .

how long was i love lucy on the air
I Love Lucy remains popular, with an American audience of 40 million each year.

how did athenians make money
The Athenian institutions were later revived, but the extent to which they were a real democracy is debatable.

how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing
It would remain the most destructive act of terrorism on American soil until the September 11, 2001 attacks .

how many xbox 360 games are there
The term "Multi-platform" means that the game has appeared on multiple consoles.

how many types of sclerosis
Life expectancy of people with MS is 5 to 10 years lower than that of the unaffected population.

what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment?
The Late Heavy Bombardment (commonly referred to as the lunar cataclysm, or LHB) is a hypothetical event around 4.1 to 3.8 billion years ago ( Ga ).

what does the federal reserve do
The first two objectives are sometimes referred to as the Federal Reserve's dual mandate.

how many nature oceans are on earth
An ocean (; the World Ocean of classical antiquity ) is a body of saline water that composes a large part of a planet 's hydrosphere .

what does a plus-minus sign mean
The plus-minus sign () is a mathematical symbol commonly used either

what does a plus-minus sign mean
to indicate the precision of an approximation , or

what does a plus-minus sign mean
It is commonly used in indicating a range of values, such as in mathematical statements.

What county is Aurora, IN
The estimated population of Metropolitan Denver was 2,998,878 in 2007 ( 15th most populous CSA ).

what county is Holly Ridge nc in?
It is part of the Jacksonville, North Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area .

what forms seasons
A season is a subdivision of the year , marked by changes in weather , ecology , and hours of daylight .

what forms seasons
The same is true of the southern hemisphere in November, December and January.

what kind of literature did john steinbeck writing
He is widely known for the Pulitzer Prize -winning novel The Grapes of Wrath (1939) and East of Eden (1952) and the novella Of Mice and Men (1937).

what kind of literature did john steinbeck writing
As the author of twenty-seven books, including sixteen novels, six non-fiction books, and five collections of short stories, Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1962.

how is stoning performed
The pilgrims then shave their heads, perform a ritual of animal sacrifice, and celebrate the four day global festival of Eid al-Adha .

how post and lintels are used
Stonehenge , an example of Neolithic architecture post and lintel construction.

how did he die outlaw billy the kid
After his death, several biographies were written that portrayed the Kid in varying lights.

how did James Dean die?
Dean's enduring fame and popularity rests on his performances in only these three films, all leading roles.

How Works Diaphragm Pump
Diaphragm pump schematic.

What happened to "The Glades" tv series
The Glades was renewed by A&E for a third season on October 18, 2011, which aired from June 3 to August 12, 2012.

how much mercury is in a thermometer
In principle, thermometers made of different material (e.g., coloured alcohol) might be expected to give different intermediate readings due to different expansion properties; in practice the substances used are chosen to have reasonably linear expansion characteristics as a function of true thermodynamic temperature , and so give similar results.

what area code is 949
The area code in red is Area Code 949; all others in blue are California area codes.

who sings the song never ending story
"The NeverEnding Story" (titled "The NeverEnding Story (L'histoire sans fin)" in the French version) is the title song from the English version of the 1984 film The NeverEnding Story .

where does limestone form
The first geologist to distinguish limestone from dolomite was Belsazar Hacquet in 1778.

who discovered neptune the planet
The planet Neptune was mathematically predicted before it was directly observed.

who discovered neptune the planet
The discovery of Neptune led to the discovery of its moon Triton by William Lassell just seventeen days later.

what separates me from you album
The band toured worldwide in support of the release.

what tensions preceded the berlin blockade
During the multinational occupation of post–World War II Germany , the Soviet Union blocked the Western Allies ' railway, road, and canal access to the sectors of Berlin under Allied control.

what tensions preceded the berlin blockade
In remembrance of the airlift, three airports in the former western zones of the city served as the primary gateways to Germany for another fifty years.

what percentage of the human body is water
A significant fraction of the human body is water.

what part of the pre-world war 1 arms race was the most intense?
They were successful in 1912 and 1913 but did not succeed in in 1914.

what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model
An 1877 color photo by Louis Ducos du Hauron , a French pioneer of color photography .

what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model
Usually, three primary colors are combined to stimulate humans’ trichromatic color vision , sensed by the three types of cone cells in the eye, giving an apparently full range.

what are the uses for gui
In computing , graphical user interface (GUI, sometimes pronounced 'gooey') is a type of user interface that allows users to interact with electronic devices using images rather than text commands.

what are banana plugs for
Audiophile banana plugs connected to a loudspeaker

when did the trojan war take place
The Romans later traced their origin to Aeneas , one of the Trojans, who was said to have led the surviving Trojans to modern-day Italy .

what money is jefferson on
Though Jefferson has been criticized by many modern day scholars over the issue of slavery, he remains rated as one of the greatest U.S. presidents .

when did steven adler play for guns and roses
Steven Adler (born Michael Coletti; January 22, 1965) is an American musician.

when did steven adler play for guns and roses
He appeared on the second and fifth seasons of the reality TV show Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew , as well as on the first season of its spin-off Sober House .

where did abe lincoln conspirators meet
The rest of the conspirators' plot failed; Powell only managed to wound Seward, while Atzerodt, Johnson's would-be assassin, lost his nerve and fled Washington.

what are the arb medications
Medicine:

what part of the earth is covered with water 1/4,1/3,3/4?
Human cultures have developed many views of the planet, including its personification as a planetary deity , its shape as flat , its position as the center of the universe , and in the modern Gaia Principle , as a single, self-regulating organism in its own right.

what religion is westminster abbey
North Entrance of Westminster Abbey

what religion is westminster abbey
Those who are most directly concerned with liturgical and ceremonial matters are the two minor canons and the organist and Master of the Choristers.

what are stanzas in poetry
In modern poetry, the term is often equivalent with strophe ; in popular vocal music, a stanza is typically referred to as a " verse " (distinct from the refrain , or "chorus").

who won the super in xl1
Super Bowl XLI was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Indianapolis Colts and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Chicago Bears to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2006 season .

who won the 2010 world cup
These sixteen teams advanced to the knockout stage , where three rounds of play decided which teams would participate in the final .

what part of the plant are avocados
The avocado (Persea americana) is a tree native to Central Mexico, classified in the flowering plant family Lauraceae along with cinnamon , camphor and bay laurel .

who starred in the original true grit
The picture is the first adaptation of Charles Portis' 1968 novel True Grit .

what motor does a 2001 monte carlo
It was succeeded by the sixth and final-generation Monte Carlo in 2000 that was built alongside the Chevrolet Impala , which succeeded the Lumina as Chevy's mid-sized sedan.

what motor does a 2001 monte carlo
The Monte Carlo SS was revived from 2000 to 2007 and initially powered by 3.8-liter V6 (supercharged in 2004–2005), later to be replaced by a 5.3-liter V8 for 2006–2007.

what are the most known sports in america
Sports are an important part of the culture of the United States .

what are the most known sports in america
Four of the nation's five most popular team sports were developed in North America: American football , baseball , basketball and ice hockey , whereas soccer was developed in England.

what are the most known sports in america
In many cases college athletics are more popular than professional sports, with the major sanctioning body being the NCAA .

where did the tradition of leaving a sock come from
Some people even put their Christmas stocking by their bedposts so Santa Claus can fill it by the bed while they sleep.

who shot 50 cent
50 Cent is currently working on his fifth studio album, Street King Immortal , which is to be released in spring 2013.

what nuns ran the french hospital in ny?
The following list is being added to and is incomplete:

when did george washington died?
Washington's Farewell Address was an influential primer on republican virtue and a warning against partisanship, sectionalism, and involvement in foreign wars.

what is a wiki platform
Ward Cunningham , inventor of the wiki

who plays dumbledore in harry potter 6
Dumbledore is portrayed by Richard Harris in the film adaptions of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets .

what towns are near to great falls south carolina
The population was 1,979 at the 2010 census .

where do dungeness crab live
Its common name comes from the port of Dungeness, Washington .

what is a klingon dish
Klingon culture describes the customs and practices of Klingons in the fictional Star Trek universe.

when did fidel castro take over cuba
Through his actions and his writings he has significantly influenced the politics of various individuals and groups across the world, including Nelson Mandela , Hugo Chávez , Evo Morales , Rafael Correa and Daniel Ortega .

what season is  dexter on
On January 12, 2013, it was revealed that season 8 of Dexter would be moved from its originally planned airing in the fall to the summer, which will begin on Sunday, June 30, 2013.

what season is  dexter on
After months of rumors, on April 18, 2013, Showtime announced via social media that season eight would be the final season of Dexter.

who won the 1998 world cup
A total of 64 matches were played in 10 stadiums located across 10 different host cities, with the opening match and final staged at the Stade de France , Saint-Denis .

who played ugly betty
This article lists the characters featured in the American ABC dramedy series Ugly Betty .

what kind of people are on the show skins
Other ventures to expand the brand have included a failed North American adaptation , which aired on MTV in 2011 but it was cancelled after one season after advertisers abandoned the series in response to low ratings and the significant controversy which arose over its depiction of teen sexuality.

what nationality is kris jenner
As of 2011, Jenner's net worth is estimated at $20 million.

what time will the world end on may 21
Camping, who was then president of the Family Radio Christian network, claimed the Bible as his source and said May 21 would be the date of the Rapture and the day of judgment "beyond the shadow of a doubt".

who makes triumph motorcycles
Triumph Motorcycles may refer to:

who makes triumph motorcycles
Norton Villiers Triumph , a defunct British motorcycle manufacturer

where do sesame seeds come from
Sesame (; Sesamum indicum) is a flowering plant in the genus Sesamum .

where did the olmecs come from
The Olmec were the first major civilization in Mexico .

where did the olmecs come from
Olmec artworks are considered among ancient America's most striking.

what state is milwaukee in
There have been five ships of the United States Navy named after the city, including USS Milwaukee (LCS-5) .

what are the charges against Casey Anthony
Casey told detectives several falsehoods, including that the child had been kidnapped by a nanny on June 9, and that she had been trying to find her, too frightened to alert the authorities.

what are arizona's symbols
The first symbol was the motto, which was made official in 1864 for the Arizona Territory .

what are arizona's symbols
The newest adopted symbol of Arizona is the Colt Single Action Army in 2011.

what are SLR cameras
The historic 1949 Zeiss Ikon VEB Contax S , manufactured in Dresden , the first pentaprism SLR for eye-level viewing

where is nw 23
Several characters in Portland native Matt Groening 's television show The Simpsons have names based on the alphabetically named streets in the Northwest District: Ned Flanders , the bully Kearney , Reverend Lovejoy , Mayor Quimby , Milhouse Van Houten (actually in North Portland), and possibly C. Montgomery Burns[ide ] (also named for the large neon Montgomery Park , formerly Montgomery Ward , sign).

what is the scientific name of the eastern tiger salamander?
The proper common name is the eastern tiger salamander, to differentiate it from other closely related species.

when was the web invented
With a web browser , one can view web pages that may contain text, images, videos, and other multimedia , and navigate between them via hyperlinks .

what is the name of canada's constitution after it became independent from england
See list of Canadian constitutional documents for details.

what is the difference between Cub cadet at home depot
Four-wheel steer zero-turn riders with steering wheel technology (first and only in the world) - 2011

where is scotty mccreery from
He also released a Christmas album, Christmas with Scotty McCreery , which has been certified gold.

where is david ortiz from
He is one of 50 MLB players in history to hit at least 400 career home runs.

what is top marginal tax rate
Tax as determined by the taxpayer may be adjusted by the taxing jurisdiction.

what is the cabin pressure of us airlines
The pressurization controls on a Boeing 737-800

what was the first movie to become a video game?
Also included are short films, cutscene films (made up of cutscenes and cinematics from the actual games) documentaries with video games as their subjects and films in which video games play a large part (such as Tron or WarGames ).

what was the parthenon used for
Night view

what was the parthenon used for
Since 1983 (on the initiative of Culture Minister Melina Mercouri ), the Greek government has been committed to the return of the sculptures to Greece.

what is zoom range
All lenses (mainly (super) zoom lenses) is a compromise of features-size, weight, price, focal length range, image quality, autofocus performance, build quality and other features.

where was jfk buried
Representatives from over 90 countries attended the state funeral on Monday, November 25.

where was jfk buried
Kennedy is the most recent president to have died in office.

what is baklava recipe
It is characteristic of the cuisines of the former Ottoman Empire and those of Central and Southwest Asia .

where is the arctic circle located on the earth
The equivalent polar circle in the Southern Hemisphere is called the Antarctic Circle .

where are colors on stoplight
Traffic lights alternate the right of way accorded to road users by displaying lights of a standard color (red, yellow/amber, and green) following a universal color code .

where are colors on stoplight
In the typical sequence of color phases:

where are colors on stoplight
the green light allows traffic to proceed in the direction denoted, if it is safe to do so

where are colors on stoplight
the yellow/amber light denoting prepare to stop short of the intersection, if it is safe to do so

what was the GE building in rockefeller plaza called before.
The GE Building is an Art Deco skyscraper that forms the centerpiece of Rockefeller Center in Midtown Manhattan , New York City , USA .

what is ron weasley's sister's name
Ron is present in most of the action throughout the series due to his friendship with Harry.

what is article 5 about
Resolution proposing the Nineteenth Amendment

What is the function of albumin?
It is soluble and monomeric.

what is the country of Ecuador known as?
It is a medium-income country with an HDI score of 0.720 (2011).

what is dominican republic's most important natural resource
Music and sport are of great importance in the Dominican culture, with Merengue and Bachata as the national dance and music, and baseball as the favorite sport.

where is Desmanthus Illinoensis found
USDA Zones 5-8 are recommended for outside cultivation.

when was pearl harbor bombed
However, the lack of any formal warning, particularly while negotiations were still apparently ongoing, led President Franklin D. Roosevelt to proclaim December 7, 1941, " a date which will live in infamy ".

What was Captain Ahab's Ship in the novel "Moby Dick"
It is considered to be one of the Great American Novels and a treasure of world literature .

What was Captain Ahab's Ship in the novel "Moby Dick"
According to the American Book Review's rating in 2011, this is one of the most recognizable opening lines in Western literature.

what is oregon institute of technology like
The university also has sites in Salem , La Grande , and Seattle , as well as online degree offerings.

what is the role of the amygdala
Shown in research to perform a primary role in the processing of memory and emotional reactions , the amygdalae are considered part of the limbic system .

where is the world cup in 2010
The 2010 FIFA World Cup was the 19th FIFA World Cup , the world championship for men's national association football teams.

what is mepsipax
Unlike the international beverage, the US drink's ingredient label mentions ginseng , and that drink contains nearly twice as much caffeine as Diet Pepsi (46 mg vs. 24 mg per 8 fl oz).

what is jagger bombs
In Finland , it is called an "Akkuhappo" (Battery Acid).

when was the first census of all 50 states
The U.S. Constitution is silent on the question of whether states have the power to leave unilaterally, or secede from, the Union, but the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled secession to be unconstitutional, a position driven in part by the outcome of the American Civil War.

what is gravy made of
Instant gravy granules

what is gravy made of
In North America the term can refer to a wider variety of sauces.

what is the movie when jennifer love hewitt cooks
she is a recurring star on Hot in Cleveland and leads the Lifetime television series The Client List .

When was 27th amendment proposed
It is the most recent amendment to the United States Constitution .

who is in The school of athens
The picture has long been seen as "Raphael's masterpiece and the perfect embodiment of the classical spirit of the High Renaissance ."

what is float format
The album reached number fourteen on Billboards Top Jazz Albums chart.

where is UWA on world list of universities
The Act provides for control and management by the university's Senate, and gives it the authority, amongst other things, to make statutes, regulations and by-laws, details of which are contained in the university Calendar.

who are the parents of anguilla
Jolie and Pitt have three biological children and three adopted children.

what is IBRIX
Architecturally, the file system is limited to 16 petabytes under a single namespace , and is based upon a design described in .

what is three phase electrical
Three-phase electric power transmission

Who is the highest scoring NBA player
These have been the entry criteria since the 1974–75 season .

Who is the highest scoring NBA player
The 2012–13 scoring leader was Carmelo Anthony of the New York Knicks .

what is direct marketing channel
Even well-designed general advertisements rarely can prove their impact on the organization’s bottom line.

what is the name of the family who own the biltmore estates in nc
Biltmore House, the main house on the estate, is a Châteauesque -styled mansion built by George Washington Vanderbilt II between 1889 and 1895 and is the largest privately owned house in the United States , at and featuring 250 rooms.

who was the congressman who was caught with an escort in ny
Eliot Spitzer in 2004

when is the next national election?
This was also the first election since 1952 in which neither of the major parties' nominees was the incumbent President or Vice President.

